Oh
got to get the ball and he's chatting
and reading a backing from Lord
Eddington
position where he coached not your again
lots of vows again
not
you
it's a lovely ball out to the left hand
side by Liam Kelly towards tarik fuzzy
fuzzy does well to cut in silence was
right foot when he ever shot he does
it's a great effort by tariq fuzzy as
nana nana owusu one-nil to the Royals
the left-back getting all the way
forward there what an individual goal
that is to my Watson now we'll try and
send stacey for in this right hand side
crew slightly stretched and it's
definitely chance to break into the box
here he's got Jermaine Ofori waiting
knocked about to Liam Kelly and that is
a fantastic finish by the Irish man he
struggled at times in this second half
but he made no mistake there ball back
with the crew keep of Robbie Johnson
these perhaps giving it away here it's
half a chance here can he cut across the
area shoes to go itself and it's a goal
Jack Stacy with a superb finish their
slaughter on the right hand side it
originally came from somewhat hash
clearance by the keeper but he made no
mistake that he so early on and